HeeJin: We're here together again!
HeeJin: HaHee HaHee
HaSeul: Yeah, together
HaSeul: Like this...
HeeJin: It's real~
HeeJin: Can you see it?
HeeJin: We three are here together!
Kim Lip: Hi~
HaSeul: Hey, look at this~
(In their eyes, everything looks food!)
Kim Lip: It looks delicious!
HaSeul: It looks like a kind of cereal!
HaSeul: Hello, we're Do
HeeJin: Re
Kim Lip: Mi of LOOΠΔ
(They found Yves behind them!)
Kim Lip: Oh.. that's Ti...
HaSeul: How about YeoJin?
Kim Lip: Low scale Sol
HaSeul: Hi, we're
HeeJin: HeeJin!
HaSeul: HaSeul~
Kim Lip: Kim Lip!
Yves: Yves of LOOΠΔ~
HaSeul: I thought it was harmony...
Yves: Wow~
(The girls are hanging out really well at the shooting site!)
Kim Lip: HaSeul, your note is weird!
Yves: Here I go~
Kim Lip: Chirstmas~
Kim Lip: It's better to do it like this~
#NowPlaying "LOOΠΔ / ViVi, Choerry, Yves - The Carol 2.0"
(Come on... You make it difficult to blur them...)